fix: make `ForumChannel.create_thread` not require content (#739)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/739.bugfix.rst

> Change :func:`ForumChannel.create_thread` to not require a ``content`` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change :func:`ForumChannel.create_thread` to not require the ``content`` parameter.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Change :func:`ForumChannel.create_thread` to not require the ``content`` parameter to be provided.
```
like that maybe?

Reviewer: Hm, we should probably allude to all of the required parameters in some form.

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/739/commits/8b510731db958ee71c6bee601be9da64ecd3fbd7
